6


What girls should know

1. Before giving a blowjob, strip everything.
* if you are initiating, be naked already and on your knees
* if not feasable, strip everything quickly, say its so hot or something


How and when to initiate:
* mornings
* after boyfriends pees

Maybe more generally:

* motivation could be her class mates who are namaiki

* strive to become his sex toy, i.e. your goal should be that no matter how tired he is it is easier to make you suck his dick than to masturbate on his own

* encourage him to cheat on you

* never allow him to compromise. say yes to everything he does and wants. never ask for anything instead condition yourself to ask him for permission regularly for things that you thought were your choices to make (like going out with someone, )

* never let him do any house work. but when you do house work, make sure to do it while he is not watching. his house should be clean without him ever noticing why.

each morning breakfast, coffee and his lunchbox should be ready when you wake him up with a blowjob

when he returns, you are there at the door naked and on your knees to suck him off if he wants. dinner and cold drinks are ready of course.

* make it a habbit that he orgasm often and hard, while you not cumming should become the norm
---------

Q: How to find a good boyfriend / Master?
A: In an ideal world, you should not be the one choosing. In an ideal world, you should commit to the first guy who wants you irregardless of how you find him.

However, since we don't live in an ideal world, you have to consider this. Where can you bring the most amount of pleasure and happiness? Sometimes you staying a free use slut every week in the club is better. Sometimes your time is better invested in earning money to pay for courses of skills that are actually useful such as makeup and cooking

Either way, never take your preference into consideration. Just serve men. That's your only purpose.

Addendum: Regularly fight your biases. If you are unowned, at least once in two weeks, you should look to suck off the most unattractive man you can find. Don't forget that this guy might like you. If he does, you are his. You have no choice.

-------

Slogans:

Female cheating is worse than any rape.

----

Q: Should we stop gender segregating prisons and make all prisons unisex?
A: Of course! We just need to make sure that all the women there take their pills every day. But that would almost surely eliminate male-on-male rape in prisons. In fact female inmates should not be allowed to wear any pieces of clothing including underwaear and they should be handcuffed at their backs at all times

-------

Here is a crazy argument for patriarchy, lol. Nobody hates their prosession. Nobody is haing on their fleshlight or dog. If you think mysogyni is a problem and if you want to solve it, accept that allgirls are objects of sexual pleasure for men and nothign more.